docs(adk): audit foundations and concept pages (#444)
botpress/docs: adk/concepts/workflows.mdx

export default new Workflow({
  name: "my-workflow",
  description: "A workflow that processes data",

>   handler: async ({ step }) => {

Reviewer: why do we need to input step?

Reviewer: its not the same in the `Scheduled workflows` section below so its just unclear

Author: removed it!

## Steps

> By default, workflows time out after 5 minutes. For longer workflows, use the `step` function to break the workflow into a series of persisted steps:

Reviewer: question: the original sentence sounds a lot more conversational than just saying "persisted", would it have been better to just adjust the time?

});
```

> Steps are *persisted* — if a workflow is interrupted, it can resume from the last completed step. This provides better handling when errors occur in complex, long-running workflows.

Reviewer 2: Em-dashes make it cheap in my opinion (since it's a clear AI mark):
```suggestion
Steps are *persisted*: if a workflow is interrupted, it can resume from the last completed step. This provides better handling when errors occur in complex, long-running workflows.
```

<Note>

>   You can nest steps inside other steps — each step will complete when each of its sub-steps complete.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  You can nest steps inside other steps: each step will complete when each of its sub-steps complete.
```

</Note>

### Step parameters

```typescript
const data = await step("fetch-data", async ({ attempt }) => {
  return await fetchDataFromAPI();
}, { maxAttempts: 5 });
```

<Expandable title="Step parameters">
  <ResponseField name="name" type="string" required>
    Unique identifier for this step within the workflow.

    <Note>

>       Make sure you set a unique identifier for each step. Otherwise, the second step won't execute and will reuse the output of the first step.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      Make sure you set a unique identifier for each step. Otherwise, a subsequent step won't execute and will reuse the output of a previous step.
```

    </Note>
  </ResponseField>
  <ResponseField name="run" type="(opts: { attempt: number }) => T | Promise&lt;T&gt;" required>
    Function to execute. Receives the current attempt number.
  </ResponseField>
  <ResponseField name="options" type="object">
    Optional configuration object.
    <Expandable title="properties">
      <ResponseField name="maxAttempts" type="number">
        Maximum number of retry attempts if the step fails. Defaults to 5.
      </ResponseField>
    </Expandable>
  </ResponseField>
</Expandable>

### Handling failing steps

> If a step fails, it throws a rejected promise. This will fail not only the current step, but the *entire workflow*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a step exhausts its retry attempts, it throws a rejected promise. This will fail not only the current step, but the *entire workflow*.
```

> If a step exhausts its retry attempts, it throws a rejected promise. This will fail not only the current step, but the *entire workflow*.

Reviewer: This sentence can be reworded to sound more conversational

Author: Yes

}
```

> If the method you're using has an `options.maxAttempts` field, it throws an error after the maximum number of retries has been exceeded:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the method you're using has an `options.maxAttempts` field, it will throw an error after the maximum number of retries has been exceeded:
```

> If the method you're using has an `options.maxAttempts` field, it'll throw an error after the maximum number of retries has been exceeded:

Reviewer: need to add a line that we're still able to catch the errors + what else we can do after maxAttempts has been reached

Author: yes

> If the method you're using has an `options.maxAttempts` field, it will throw an error after the maximum number of retries has been exceeded:

Reviewer: nit: can use contractions in documentations ([Source](https://developers.google.com/style/contractions))

Author: make sense!

}
```

## Step methods

The `step` object provides methods for workflow control:

### `step.listen`

Put the workflow into listening mode, waiting for external events to resume:

```typescript

> await step.listen("wait-for-approval");

Reviewer: need more context of what this parameter is. Is it the name of something?

Author: added more context

// Workflow pauses here until triggered
```

### `step.sleep`

Pause workflow execution for a specified duration:

```typescript
await step.sleep("wait-5-min", 5 * 60 * 1000);
```

### `step.sleepUntil`

Sleep until a specific date:

```typescript
await step.sleepUntil("wait-until-noon", new Date("2025-01-15T12:00:00Z"));
```

### `step.fail`

Mark the workflow as failed and stop execution:

```typescript
if (!user.isVerified) {
  await step.fail("User verification required");
}
```

### `step.abort`

Immediately abort the workflow execution without marking it as failed:

```typescript
if (shouldPause) {
  step.abort();
}
```

### `step.progress`

Record a progress checkpoint without performing any action:

```typescript
await step.progress("Started processing");
// ... do work ...
await step.progress("Finished processing");
```

### `step.waitForWorkflow`

Wait for another workflow to complete before continuing:

```typescript

> const childWorkflow = await childWorkflowInstance.start({});

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
const childWorkflow = await ChildWorkflowInstance.start({});
```

```typescript
const instance = await ProcessingWorkflow.getOrCreate({
  key: "order-12345", // Unique key for deduplication
  input: { orderId: "12345" },
  statuses: ["pending", "in_progress"], // Only match workflows with these statuses
});
```

### `Workflow.get()`

Load any workflow instance by its ID:

```typescript
import { Workflow } from "@botpress/runtime";

const instance = await Workflow.get("workflow-id");
```

### `workflow.asTool()`

Convert a workflow into a tool for use with `execute()`:

```typescript highlight={2, 9}
import { Conversation } from "@botpress/runtime";
import ProcessingWorkflow from "../workflows/processing";

export default new Conversation({
  channel: "*",
  handler: async ({ execute }) => {
    await execute({
      instructions: "You are a helpful assistant.",
      tools: [ProcessingWorkflow.asTool()],
    });
  },
});
```

### `instance.provide()`

Provide data in response to a workflow data request (used with `step.request()`). Use the `request.workflow` instance from the conversation handler:

```typescript highlight={4-6}
export default new Conversation({
  channel: "*",
  handler: async ({ type, request }) => {

>     if (type === "workflow_request") {

Reviewer 2: We should standardize on the way we check the type, is by looking at the `type` parameter (like it's done here)? Or do we use the `isWorkflowDataRequest` with the available `event` parameter?

Author: I'd stick with type === "workflow_request" in conversation handlers since type is already available as a prop, and keep isWorkflowDataRequest in the helper functions section for other contexts like triggers.
